remove probing concept and text on migration (#389)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

  * Migration is detected without ambiguity
when a packet arrives with a connection ID
pointing to an existing path ID, but the connection ID and/or the

> 4-tuple are different from the value current used for that path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4-tuple are different from the value currently used for that path.
```

"probing" and "non-probing" frames. A packet that contains at least
one "non-probing" frame is a "non-probing" packet. When the multipath extension
is negotiated, the reception of a "non-probing"
packet on a new path with a new so far unused PatID
does not impact the path status of any existing
path. Therefore, any frame can be sent on a new path at any time
as long as the anti-amplification limits
({{Section 21.1.1.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}) and the congestion control
limits for this path are respected.

Connection migration as specified in
{{Section 9 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} still applies for the use of

> a new connection ID associated to a Path ID of an active path.

Author: Yes, you are right we should refer to two things here: migration (section 9) and CID rotation (Section 5).

> Connection migration as specified in 
> {{Section 9 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} still applies for the use of
> a new connection ID associated to a Path ID of an active path. 

Author: ```suggestion
Connection migration as specified in
{{Section 9 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} still applies for the use of
a new connection ID associated to a Path ID of an active path.
```

"probing" and "non-probing" frames. A packet that contains at least
one "non-probing" frame is a "non-probing" packet. When the multipath extension
is negotiated, the reception of a "non-probing"
packet on a new path with a new so far unused Path ID
does not impact the path status of any existing
path. Therefore, any frame can be sent on a new path at any time
as long as the anti-amplification limits
({{Section 21.1.1.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}) and the congestion control
limits for this path are respected.

> Connection ID changes as specified in {{Section 5.1.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} and  

Author: ```suggestion
Connection ID changes as specified in {{Section 5.1.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} and
```

> Connection migration as specified in
> {{Section 9 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} still applies for the use of
> a new connection ID associated to a Path ID of an active path.

Author: Does this work?
```suggestion
The connection ID change as specified in {{Section 5.1.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} and in  
in {{Section 9 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} for connection migration still apply for 
connection IDs associated to the same Path ID.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, that works.

With the successful negotiation of the extension specified
in this draft, endpoints have to consider the receiption of
a packet with a connection ID associated to an

> so far unused Path ID as an attempt to establish a new paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so far unused Path ID as an attempt to establish a new path.
```

in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.

When more than one path is available, hosts shall monitor the arrival of
packets and acknowledgements for packets sent over each

> path. Hosts MAY consider closing a path if for at least the period of the

Author: Note, this is a normative change. There is no real reason to close a path after a time out as you may just use other paths currently. However, there might be good reasons to keep it open for potential later use (e.g. if the path is a standby path). Therefore we should not have a SHOULD here. I also opened issue #397 for more discussion.

Reviewer 2: That behavior is defined in the section {{idle-time-close}}. Do we need to define it in two places?

Author: This is the section on idle timeout!

Reviewer 2: Oops. Yes, I like "MAY".

idle timeout as specified in {{Section 10.1. of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}
(a) no packet was received or (b) no packet sent over this path was acknowledged.
Endpoints that desire to close a path because of the idle timer rule
MUST do so explicitly by sending a PATH_ABANDON frame on another active path,
as defined in {{path-close}}.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think the reference should be {{idle-time-close}}, which is more specific than {{path-close}}.

Author: Again, this is the section on idle timeout.

Reviewer 2: Oh, I see. You are moving up the old lines 587-589 to the end of this paragraph. That's fine.

for an excessive time or having to promptly re-establish a path
after a spurious estimate of path abandonment by the client.

Endpoints that desire to close a path because of the idle timer rule
MUST do so explicitly by sending a PATH_ABANDON frame on another active path, as defined in

> {{path-close}}.

Author: This sentence was just moved up a bit.

and therefore are unique for the scope of the connection,
regardless of the associated Path ID.

{{Section 5.1.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} indicates that an endpoint
can change the connection ID it uses to another available one
at any time during the connection. For the extension specified in
this draft, only connection IDs associated to the same

> Path ID MUST be used on the same path. Use of a connection ID assocaited with

Author: ```suggestion
Path ID MUST be used on the same path. Use of a connection ID associated with
```

> this draft, only connection IDs associated to the same
> Path ID MUST be used on the same path. Use of a connection ID associated with

Author: ```suggestion
this draft, endpoints MUST only rotate to another connection IDs associated
to the same Path ID. Use of a connection ID associated with
```

a another Path ID will be considered as an attempt to open new path instead.

> 

Reviewer 2: "For the extension specified in
this draft, only connection IDs associated to the same
Path ID MUST be used on the same path." 

That's a bit convoluted. How about, 

For the extension specified in
this draft, endpoints MUST only migrate to another connection IDs associated to the same
Path ID.

Author: Not sure about the word "migrate" because you could also change the CID without connection migration...

Reviewer 2: You are right. The correct word is "rotate".

Reviewer 2: Or just say "use".

Author: I tried "use" but that doesn't work because it's about the process of changing the CID to another on the same path.  But rotate works!

> a another Path ID will be considered as an attempt to open new path instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
another Path ID will be considered as an attempt to open a new path instead.
```
